getting the best makeup a summer can be
a headache especially when you're
sweating in the sunshine or splashing
around in your swimsuit with thousands
of cosmetics on the market making
extreme claims are the wall to prove I
products any better than the standard
beauty junkies Rebecca and cow are about
to find out by testing these bright
summery eye shadows on some very watery
rides the girls are applying the shadows
as directed Rebecca is wearing a
waterproof eye shadow by gosh why Carol
is trying a standard non waterproof
product we need to see whether the gosh
version really does have more staying
power in the wet if you do go for a
waterproof eye shadow it needs to be
applied quickly as they begin to set
soon after their applied a charge the
gosh eyeshadow contains just all based
ingredients they're supposed to stop it
from washing away let's check the
eyeshadow but they also give it a waxy
slightly sticky feeling comparison to
Carol's powdery eyeshadow your eyeshadow
is still in
remember sensitive girls always do a
patch test when using waterproof
products as some people react badly to
them that's my eyeshadow on the crease
line it has become quite patchy and it
has started to run down your face but it
is still there how about mine well as a
normal to provide shadow it's withstood
it pretty well it's slightly underneath
your eyes but pretty good and to really
test that waterproof eye shadow Carol
and Rebecca are going for all-out
submersion we all want to look good on
the beach and as a result cells of
waterproof makeup shoot up in the summer
so it's clearly important to you that
these products last the distance but how
will they survive this final test we put
both products through the wringer today
and my gosh waterproof eye shadow it's
patchy bit crusty really it doesn't look
very good and what surprised me is that
my non waterproof eye shadow although
it's faded there's actually worn really
well our test was designed to push these
eyeshadows to the limit so gosh it's
waterproof eye shadow may well survivor
normal dunking but in the extreme
conditions we've put it under it
couldn't keep up with the standard non
waterproof version
you